ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 11
You were right.
I must get out of here alive.
And I can't let my guys die.
Let's find a way
for all of us to get out alive.
Let's say we've held down the other spies.
Do we stand a chance against the ANSP
dying for the government to regain power?
We still got to try.
Or we'll all die just like they want.
I'm trying to save all the students too.
Hide here
until the other spies are held down.
Do not come upstairs.
See? I told you
they had lots of snacks in their rooms.
Have some.
We should bring
Comrades Lim and Kang some too.
Don't worry about that,
and just have some.
-That looks so good.
-What about us?
This is so good.
It's so good.
Dad!
That goddamn b****.
Hey, can't you see him fainting?
He needs sugar!
Shut up!
How dare you raise your voice?
Oh, my goodness.
We might die any moment now.
Shouldn't you at least feed us?
We're dying of hunger.
Shin Gyeong-ja.
Come here.
Bring this to him.
Our charismatic and thoughtful Bun-ok.
Could you please have mercy
and give us food too?